= Uservoice feedback for Ruby on Rails

This adds {Uservoice}[http://www.uservoice.com] support to your
Rails application including single sign-on.

== Installation

=== As a gem
  gem install uservoice --source http://gemcutter.org

=== As a Rails dependency
  config.gem 'uservoice', :source => 'http://gemcutter.org'

=== As a Rails plugin
  ./script/plugin install http://github.com/iltempo/uservoice.git


== Configuration

Generate files for your app:
  ./script/generate uservoice <key> <forum> [<api_key>]
Where <key> is the Uservoice account name and <forum> the id of your main forum.
Find both settings in widgets section of the admin interface of Uservoice.
Your API key <api_key> can be found in the API section of the admin documentation.

Default properties are stored in a file named uservoice.yml in the config
directory of your Rails application. Make it fitting to your needs. Feel free to
use erb expressions.

Add javascript function and configuration to HTML HEAD section of your template file:
  <%= uservoice_config_javascript %>

You can override default uservoice settings in your view:
  <%= uservoice_config_javascript(:alignment => 'right', :forum => 12983) %>


== Single Sign-On

Single sign-on authenticates your users automatically against the Uservoice
service. A second login is not needed any more.

Uservoice is allowing single sign-on starting from the Bronze plan.
http://uservoice.com/signup?ref=nav

To use single sign-on with on uservoice you have to set your api_key in 
config/uservoice.yml. Find it on
https://ACCOUNT.uservoice.com/admin2/docs#/legacy_api

The user properties can be set via the :sso parameter.
     <%= uservoice_config_javascript(:sso => {:guid => @current_user.id, :email => @current_user.email}) %>

Parameter <em>:guid</em> should be unique identifier, for example the user id in your
system. Uservoice recommends setting <em>:email</em> parameter to enable users to get
updates and notifications via email.
See https://ACCOUNT.uservoice.com/admin2/docs#/sso for a list of parameters
available.


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a
  commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.


This project is using {Semantic Versioning}[http://semver.org].


==Author

{Alexander Greim}[http://github.com/iltempo]


==Contributors

{Eric Wollesen}[http://github.com/ewollesen]


== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 {il tempo}[http://github.com/iltempo] -
{Alexander Greim}[http://github.com/iltempo], released under the MIT license
